These scripts are a selection of scripts used in the aerodynamic package development of SJSU's Spartan Racing SR-17 car for the 2026 competition year. 

On average prior to the scripts, with practice a full setup of a simulation would take in excess of 30 minutes, with a bulk of that time requiring the engineer to be actively working on the simulation. Following the introduction of the SimSetup script, simulations took less than 15 minutes to setup (varying by computer power) and no longer required any human input beyond starting the script. The previously tedious task became as simple as load up the template, import your new cad, press a few buttons, and work on something else while it setups in the background.
  
The additional benefit of this system was the previously mentioned Aeromap. Following development, a series of simulations would be ran on the car in different states such as roll, pitch, yaw, speeds, etc. Previous years were limited to graphs of just a few points due to how long simulations took to setup and run and how little time was available between end of development and DDRs (Detailed Design Reviews). For SR-17, we were able to accomplish record numbers of simulations, including creating a graph of 49 ride height simulations to understand the car in more pitch states with different suspension setups, allowing for a much greater understanding and finetuning of the relationship between suspension and aero.

Numerically, during the iterative design phase, SR-16 went through 92 simulations while SR-17 went through 241. In preparation of DDRs and in order to fully understand the aero package in different states, 45 simulations were ran on SR-16's final design, compared to 137 simulations for SR-17. 

The sheer volume of simulations enabled by the introduction of these scripts allowed for not only a much more refined package to be developed, but also for the SR-17 Aero team to have a significantly greater understanding of how the package performs in different states and configurations, and for SR-18's future Aero team to know our shortcomings and create an even better package.
